for: for is used to tell a computer program to perform a set of instructions for a number of times until certain conditions are met. A good example is: I tell you to use a wet paint brush paint to paint a wall, then I explain that I want you to paint continuously until the whole wall is covered in paint, and then I tell you that every time that your paint brush is dry, I want you to get it wet once again for as many times necessary to paint the whole wall. Lets translate painting a wall into code then: for (wetPaintbrush = 1, wall !== fullyPainted, wetPaintbrush++) {//code on how to use a paintbrush to paint the wall};

&&, ||, !: The symbols && mean And, || mean or, ! mean Not, and in the world of programming they are used for logic comparisons. For example I can express to a program that I want it to verify if someone is Tall and Strong (Tall && Strong) before I consider them for a basketball team. Another example is asking a computer program if someone is fast or strong (fast || strong) before I consider them for a Football team, because my team needs people that are strong, but also people that are fast, and even more if people are both fast and strong. The last example: I can ask a computer program if someone is not a girl, because since I am making a guys sports team I do not want to accidentally interview girls for the team positions.

Arrays: Arrays are like lists of information, you can think of an array as a list of all your friends in facebook, and each friend has an assigned index, or address, which then you can easily find them and send them a message. Much like a friends list, in an array you can remove items from it, and change the items inside the list.

Git: Is a program that is used for allowing teams to work on very complex projects at the same time without confusing things, ensuring everyone can check each other's work before incorporating it into the project, and at the same time providing information on the status of everyone else's job on the project. Essentially Git is like when you work on building a tree house, one person finds nails, another person finds wood, another person gets tools, and another person makes the drawing of the tree house. Then all persons come together and present the work, and the team reviews that the nails are good enough, the wood is in good conditions, the tools are sufficient, and the drawing is nice before deciding to build the tree house and showing it to everyone.

GitHub: is a online server that allows teams and individuals to share their computer projects with others, and allows others to copy and work on their own versions of those projects, it is similar to Git, but on the cloud.
